chore: 1.0.0-beta.126 (#1069)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.126 (2023-05-09)

### Features

> - Added new options for join command: `--decorate` and `--preprocess`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new options for the `join` command: `--decorate` and `--preprocess`.
```

### Fixes

- Fixed a bug with external OAS (x-) attributes containing an array.
- Display an error if the api path refers to a folder.
- Fixed the `push` command not recognising API definitions with spaces.

### Changes

- Display an error if apis or rules for the `lint` command are not provided.

> - Renamed `required-min-length-string-type-property` rule to `required-string-property-missing-min-length`.

Reviewer: Please don't forget to update the docs.

> - Renamed `required-min-length-string-type-property` to `required-string-property-missing-min-length`
> - Fixed a bug where context.resolve() did not work when applied to nodes belonging to external oas (x-) attributes that contain an array.
> - Don't execute decorators and preprocessors in join command
> - Display an error if apis or rules for the `lint` command not provided
> - Display an error if the api path refer to a folder
> - Fixed the issue with `push` command doesn't recognize API definitions with a spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug with external OAS (x-) attributes containing an array.
- Display an error if the api path refers to a folder.
- Fixed the `push` command not recognising API definitions with spaces.
```
